Change to out-of source build, Update build instructions (#3271)
GothenburgBitFactory/taskwarrior: doc/devel/contrib/development.md

 * Rust 1.64.0 or higher (hint: use https://rustup.rs/ instead of using your system's package manager)

## Obtain and Build Code:
General documentation about CMake can be seen always over the man pages from CMake or in the [cmake-documentation](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html), following documentation works with CMake 3.14 and later.
Here are the minimal steps to get started, using an out of source build directory and calling the underlaying build tool over the CMake interface.

## Basic Building
```sh
git clone https://github.com/GothenburgBitFactory/taskwarrior
cd taskwarrior
cmake -S . -B cmake-build\
    -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo\
cmake --build cmake-build
```
Other possible build types can be `Release`and `Debug`.

> This will build several executables, but the one you want is probably `src/task`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will build several executables, but the one you want is probably `src/task`.
When you make changes, just run the last line again.
```

    $ git checkout develop               # Latest dev branch
    $ git submodule init                 # This is now done by cmake as a test
    $ git submodule update               # Update the libhsared.git submodule
    $ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debug .   # debug or release. Default: neither
    $ make VERBOSE=1 -j4                 # Shows details, builds using 4 jobs
                                         # Alternately 'export MAKEFLAGS=-j 4'
Other possible build types can be `Release`and `Debug`.
This will build several executables, but the one you want is probably `src/task`.

### Building a specific target
For **only** building the `task` executable, use
```sh
cmake --build cmake-build --target task
```

This will build several executables, but the one you want is probably `src/task`.

> When you make changes, just run the last line again.

Reviewer: This line was deleted. It would now be applicable to the second cmake invocation(`cmake --build cmake-build`), right?

Author: Exactly, should I add it again specifically?
A normal `make -j ..` is still possible, however one needs to change in the build folder.
e.g:
```sh
cd cmake-build
make -j 4
```
The CMake commands are directly run in the project root folder.

 * Rust 1.64.0 or higher (hint: use https://rustup.rs/ instead of using your system's package manager)

## Obtain and Build Code:

> General documentation about CMake can be seen always over the man pages from CMake or in the [cmake-documentation](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html), following documentation works with CMake 3.14 and later.
> Here are the minimal steps to get started, using an out of source build directory and calling the underlaying build tool over the CMake interface.

Reviewer 2: Language edit:
```suggestion
The following documentation works with CMake 3.14 and later.
Here are the minimal steps to get started, using an out of source build directory and calling the underlying build tool over the CMake interface.
See the general CMake man pages or the [cmake-documentation](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html) for more,
```

## Basic Building
```sh
git clone https://github.com/GothenburgBitFactory/taskwarrior
cd taskwarrior

> cmake -S . -B cmake-build\
>     -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cmake -S . -B cmake-build  -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo
```
(in particular the second `\` is wrong)

cmake --build cmake-build
```

> Other possible build types can be `Release`and `Debug`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other possible build types can be `Release` and `Debug`.
```

This will build several executables, but the one you want is probably `src/task`.
When you make changes, just run the last line again.

### Building a specific target
For **only** building the `task` executable, use
```sh

> cmake --build cmake-build --target task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cmake --build cmake-build --target task_executable
```
